Goal: Find a way to use NBA basic stats using NBA API to create advanced stats and identify trends.
Ultimate goal of prediction? Probably just the odds of winning a game.
I want this program to be able to take account injury reports, hot streaks, and dependence on non-factors.
I'm gonna try to let the AI do more of the learning.

First of all, we gotta get some data and clean it up a little bit. Start using the NBA API, see what comes up.
BoxscoretraditionalV2 and BoxscoresummaryV2 will be useful here.

For now, we can retrieve the data of one team and establish certain stats.

I will now see if I can get a machine learning model to predict a win or a loss in the next game
based on certain stats, such as average point differential, turnover differential, defensive stats,
injury reports, previous record against team, and reliance on unpredictable factors (such as three point shooting).

Output values: The plus-minus of a game
Input values: Ok this is gonna be hard
    What determines the outcome of nba games?
    Theoretically, the team that averages more points scored than allowed will win any matchup.
    We can use these factors as simply as possible in order to calculate a point differential of any given matchup.
    However, we want to see how other factors affect the calculation of a point differentiial.
    Take into account injury reports, 3pt differential vs 2pt differential,
    current streaks, history between teams maybe?
    And in turn I guess we can also find good over/under picks by predicting
    how many points a certain player will score.
    This can depend on factors like average percentage of points scored, average points allowed by other team,
    injury reports, 2pt and 3pt defense differential, position power ranking matchups,
    and current avg ppg.

    Maybe it would be easier to predict player performance for over/unders.
    So we'd have to clean our data like this:
    Rows=Games
    Columns=Factors (box score stats, previous team stat predictions (double AI!), historical data, hot streaks).
    Output: Predicted points for the next game  w/ levels of confidence
    Viability: Greatest prediction differential vs Vegas odds with high confidence is a LOCK!!!!
    Training: We might have to implement two models here in order to predict team stats and the environment in which a player is going up against.
    Backtest through previous datasets to see if the model can learn any sort of pattern
    based on a weighted moving average to predict game points data.
    I think this will be the best model, but it's also worth trying other sorts of models.
    The work will be cut out by testing with different dataset sizes and comparing with the
    test outputs.

    For now the first task will be to figure out what kind of data we need to clean in order to best predict our stats.
    We can start off with something small like average box score stats of all players, their Vegas odds,
    the teams they're playing against, and positional matchups. More factors=more sophistication, but also less confidence.



